move migration and event data content up one level (#4378)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/discover-queries/uncover-trends.mdx

description: "Learn how to work with the data in Discover to gain useful insights into the health and stability of your applications."
---

> Discover is a powerful query engine that allows you to query all your error metadata across projects and applications. As you've probably noticed, the Sentry SDKs installed in your applications capture huge amounts of events, each enriched with contextual data about the underlying error, platform, device, user, and more. We also highly encourage enriching your error data through the SDK by adding custom tags and configuring the release and environment. For more information see [Put your Data to Work](/product/sentry-basics/enrich-data/).

Author: ```suggestion
Discover is a powerful query engine that allows you to query all your error metadata across projects and applications. As you've probably noticed, the Sentry SDKs installed in your applications capture huge amounts of events, each enriched with contextual data about the underlying error, platform, device, user, and more. We also highly encourage enriching your error data through the SDK by adding custom tags and configuring the release and environment. For more information see [Event Data](/product/sentry-basics/enrich-data/).
```
